Query history: Add search functionality (#45932)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/http_api/query_history.md

- **400** - Errors (invalid JSON, missing or invalid fields)
- **500** – Unable to add query to the database

## Query history search

`GET /api/query-history`

Returns a list of queries in query history that match search parameters. Query history search supports pagination. Use the `limit` query parameter to control the maximum number of queries returned; the default limit is 100. You can also use the `page` query parameter to fetch queries from any page other than the first one.

Query parameters:

- **datasourceUid** - Use this parameter to filter query history items for selected data source. At least 1 data source uid needs to be specified. To do an "AND" filtering with multiple data sources, specify the data source parameter multiple times e.g. `datasourceUid=uid1&datasourceUid=uid2`.
- **searchString** – Use searchString parameter for filtering query history items based on the content of queries.
- **sort** - Sorting order. Can be `time-asc` or `time desc`. Defaults to `time-desc`.
- **onlyStarred** - Search for queries that are starred. Defaults to `false`.

> - **page** - Number of page you would like to to get. Search supports pagination and it is limits results to 100 queries per page.

Reviewer: There's also `limit` property that doesn't seem to be documented.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/45932/commits/8208e0613f6f0f8151caf5589f84b8099c7a32b7

> - **page** - Number of page you would like to to get. Search supports pagination and it is limits results to 100 queries per page.

Author: I'll explore if it would be simple to add count of all queries.

- **400** - Errors (invalid JSON, missing or invalid fields)
- **500** – Unable to add query to the database

## Query history search

`GET /api/query-history`

Returns a list of queries in query history that match search parameters. Query history search supports pagination. Use the `limit` query parameter to control the maximum number of queries returned; the default limit is 100. You can also use the `page` query parameter to fetch queries from any page other than the first one.

Query parameters:

> - **datasourceUid** - Use this parameter to filter query history items for selected data source. At least 1 data source uid needs to be specified. To do an "AND" filtering with multiple data sources, specify the data source parameter multiple times e.g. `datasourceUid=uid1&datasourceUid=uid2`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **datasourceUid** - Filter the query history for selected data sources. You must specify at least one data source UID. To perform an "AND" filtering with multiple data sources, specify the data source parameter using the following format: `datasourceUid=uid1&datasourceUid=uid2`.
```

- **searchString** – Use searchString parameter for filtering query history items based on the content of queries.
- **sort** - Sorting order. Can be `time-asc` or `time-desc`. Defaults to `time-desc`.
- **onlyStarred** - Search for queries that are starred. Defaults to `false`.

> - **page** - Number of page you would like to to get. Search supports pagination and it is limits results to 100 queries per page.

Author: What about: 
```suggestion
- **page** - Search supports pagination. Specify the page number to return. Use the limits parameter to specify the number of queries per page.
```

> - **page** - Number of page you would like to to get. Search supports pagination and it is limits results to 100 queries per page.

Author: This is supposed to say you can use the page query parameter to fetch queries from any page.

> - **limit** - Limits the number of returned query history items per page. Defaults to 100.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **limit** - Limits the number of returned query history items per page. The default is 100 queries per page.
